Mottonen state prep edit (#1144)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * Edited MottonenStatePreparation template to improve performance on states with only real amplitudes.
>   This edit reduces the number of redundant CNOT gates at the end of a circuit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Edited the ``MottonenStatePreparation`` template to improve performance on states with only real amplitudes
  by reducing the number of redundant CNOT gates at the end of a circuit.
```

>   ```python

Reviewer: Super clear changelog! Well done!

<h3>Improvements</h3>

* Edited the ``MottonenStatePreparation`` template to improve performance on states with only real amplitudes
  by reducing the number of redundant CNOT gates at the end of a circuit.

  ```python
  dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=2)
  

>   inputstate = [np.sqrt(0.2),np.sqrt(0.3),np.sqrt(0.4),np.sqrt(0.1)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  inputstate = [np.sqrt(0.2), np.sqrt(0.3), np.sqrt(0.4), np.sqrt(0.1)]
```

  
  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def circuit():

>     mottonen.MottonenStatePreparation(inputstate,wires=[0,1])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    mottonen.MottonenStatePreparation(inputstate,wires=[0, 1])
```
